c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\DataCollection.exe.config
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\DataCollection.exe
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\DataCollection.pdb
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\obj\Debug\DataCollection_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\obj\Debug\DataCollection_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\obj\Debug\DataCollection.g.resources
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\obj\Debug\DataCollection.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\obj\Debug\DataCollection.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\obj\Debug\DataCollection.exe
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\obj\Debug\DataCollection.pdb
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.dll
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.dll
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.dll
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.xml
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.xml
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.xml
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\OpenTK.dll
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\OpenTK.GLControl.dll
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\OpenTK.xml
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\OpenTK.GLControl.xml
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.xml
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\de\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\es\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\fr\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\hu\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\it\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\ja\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\pt\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\ru\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\sk\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\sv\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\tr\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\zh-cn\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\zh-tw\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\obj\Debug\DataCollection.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\Stream.dll
c:\users\izabella\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\Stream.pdb
C:\Users\Izabella\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Face.dll
C:\Users\Izabella\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Fusion.dll
C:\Users\Izabella\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Tools.dll
C:\Users\Izabella\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.VisualGestureBuilder.dll
C:\Users\Izabella\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Face.xml
C:\Users\Izabella\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Fusion.xml
C:\Users\Izabella\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Tools.xml
C:\Users\Izabella\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.VisualGestureBuilder.xml
C:\Users\Izabella\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\DataCollectionInterface.dll
C:\Users\Izabella\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ExerciseAssistantWithKinectV2\DataCollection\bin\Debug\DataCollectionInterface.pdb
